
#### A Fashion company wanted to know which customers would churn so they make provisions. This company enables customers to choose any dress or fashion look they want, and try it on an avatar, so they know how it looks and eventually purhcase. They noticed some of their customers were churning at variou stages, some even at the opening of the app, and some anywhere in the process. Descritpive analytics was performed to determine the various stages that users churned. XGboost, random forest and logistic regression models were built to predict the churn. The Xgboost model gave the highest performance to predict churn, so it was used for further analysis. Various thresholds were experimented with, which affected the recall and precision, and recommendations were given to the upper management in the diretcion to take based on the results from the xgboost model. The thresholds experimented were 0.5,0.8 and 0.9. The recommedations was based on what the company felt would save the most money. To make informed decisions to stakeholders, if the company believes losing users is more expensive than sending out incentives and offers to users, the model with default threshold should be used, as that one captures all users that churned(high recall). If the company rather thinks losing users and sending out incentives and offers is equally important, the model with threshold at 0.8 should be used, as that one reduces the occurence of false positives a bit, whiles leaving room for a bit of false negatives. Finally some explainabilty was obtained using logistic regression, where we  determine the features that are most important in predicitng churn, and how important they are in prediciting churn.The code can be seen in Mobile Fashion Company.ipynb 
